Add July 2023 coworking (#562)
ropensci/roweb3: content/events/2023-07-04-coworking-2023-07.md

---

> title: Social Coworking and Office Hours - Create/Update your 'Happy' File!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Social Coworking and Office Hours - Create/Update your 'Happy File'/'Brag Document'!
```

dateStart: 2023-07-04T12:00:00 # UTC!!
dateEnd: 2023-07-04T14:00:00 # UTC!!
date: 2023-07-04T14:00:00 # UTC!! same as dateEnd
description: Monthly coworking for productivity, asking questions, socializing
location: 'online' # free text
slug: "coworking-2023-07"
country: "🌐" # emoji
ropensci: yes
outputs:
  - HTML
  - Calendar
attendees:
  - Maëlle Salmon
  - Steffi LaZerte
author:
  - Maëlle Salmon
deets: |
    Meeting ID: 913 2825 6625
    Passcode: 512767
zoomurl: https://zoom.us/j/91328256625?pwd=WGVDdWpGdnhWWTFvZkZVTkNzWElNQT09
---

<!--
```{r}
d <- lubridate::ymd_hms('2023-07-04 14:00:00', tz = 'Europe/Paris')
lubridate::with_tz(d, 'UTC')
lubridate::with_tz(d, 'America/Winnipeg')
```
-->

**Join us for 2 hours Tuesday July 04, 14:00 European Central (12:00 UTC) for 
[Social Coworking + Office Hours](/blog/2021/08/17/coworking-sessions/)**

> This month we're focusing on the theme **Create/Update your 'Happy' File!** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This month we're focusing on the theme **Create/Update your 'Happy File' or ['Brag Document'](https://jvns.ca/blog/brag-documents/), listing your small and big accomplishments at work!** 
```

Author: I think that linking "Happy File" to Jenny's post here would be fine, it's a public source and gives some context/credit to where you got the term.

with co-host **Maëlle Salmon**, rOpenSci's own Research Software Engineer!

Come for the full 2 hrs or only as long as you need!

### Cowork

> - Explore what goes into a 'Happy File' and why you need one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explore what goes into a 'Happy File'/'Brag Document' and why you need one
```
